well in the last few minutes the leaders
of the United States the United Kingdom
France Germany and Italy have put out a
statement on the Middle East they said
we express our full support for ongoing
efforts to deescalate tensions and reach
a ceasefire and hostage release deal in
Gaza and they stressed there was no
further time to lose and they then
called on Iran to stand down its ongoing
threats of a military attack against
Israel the Pentagon says the US defense
secretary Lloyd Austin has ordered a
guided missile submarine to the Middle
East he's also told an aircraft carrier
strike group to sail to the area
immediately and more quickly while the
deployment of additional fighter jets
and warships was announced earlier this
month as Washington seeks to bolster its
presence following an escalation in
violence between Israel and Iran and its
allies Hamas and Hezbollah our
correspondent WEA Davis explains in
terms of talks what might be likely or
possible this week yeah well there's
there's calls for and hopes for the the
resumption the restart of indirect talks
mediated by the qataris the Egyptians
and the Americans between Hamas and
Israel that might lead to to peace talks
and might lead to an end to the to the
fighting temporarily and a release of
hostages but we've got a long way before
we get to that point uh there are those
hardliners in the Israeli government who
are opposed to any deal yet between
Israel and Hamas and the new Hamas
leader Yaya Sina is said to be reluctant
to agree to some of the new terms
that Israel is being is putting forward
we're not quite sure what those Israeli
terms are so there's no sense yet that
these talks will definitely happen
either in Cairo or Qatar later this week
but as you intimated there there is
increasing International pressure for a
resumption of those talks because of the
increasing tensions and threats in the
region more people of course being
killed in Gaza Israel continuing its
military operation against Hamas and
Gaza hopes but but still some concern
that those talks might not even start we
Davis there in Jerusalem